Kinuko.
you
焼肉
The smell of the sunset.
Create a perfume of lavender flower.
Toilet paper.
Give me the smell of lobster.
What do I like to smell? Yeah, what would you like to smell right now? Lavender. Lavender.
Well, I know it's not happening, but I am running forward.
smell of Singapore
I want the smell of walking through Chinatown in Singapore and smelling the chiffon cakes.
Make a smell that is like abstract, emotional, very like heavy and depressing smell.
Of Singapore
Now of Singapore
of Korean BBQ.
the smell of skewers in the Singapore Hakka Center
The air is thick with the scent of polished wood and the faint mustiness of a space long untouched, layered with an undercurrent of anticipation. Hushed whispers float like wisps of incense, mingling with the lingering warmth of past gatherings, while the walls pulse with vibrant colors, echoing a spirit of unity. A subtle chill brushes against the skin, as the smooth, cool metal of chairs glints under the muted lights, inviting a moment of reflection amidst the quiet.
So, I remember it was around nine in the morning. My wife was in the OR and we walked in about to give birth to our first child. And then, after a very short time, we hear the first cry and then a teardrop from my wife and a moment of relief, excitement and new beginnings.
I have a memory of sister and myself.
The experience to go trip in Enoshima, which is the Japanese sightseeing spot, and then I went to the seashore with, there are huge rock, and then I smell like the summer sea, and then some kind of rotten fish, but yeah, it was so nice, is it enough?
And then we'll start cooking. The first time I met my boyfriend was five years ago. It's recording, right? Mm-hmm. We were both college students, and I was running away from my very boring room because I didn't want to do my computer science homework, and I just saw a boy on Tinder, and he was like, let's meet in the nearby Indian restaurant. And we talked about the French language while eating prata and mutton curry. And I felt so embarrassed because I was messy, but a few years later he told me he liked that I was brave to be messy in front of him in our first date, because I was just a curry all over my fingers and stuff. But yeah, I remember that every time I smelled mutton curry, he decided, yeah, I'd like to be messy with this person.
I think one thing I'm missing about college is just being in a place where I can learn. And the world around me just quiets down a bit, and I'm in the library, and I just get to dive into something out of my interest and not worry about whatever's happening outside. And it's detached in a way, but it's also kind of healing. I'm just thinking of... Yeah. I don't know why that image jumped in my head very strongly when I... Yeah. I don't know how to kind of interpret that, but what do you do?
What should I say? You've been telling me about your favorite place in Singapore, your favorite meal, or something like this. Tell me more about the Marina Bay Sands. Marina Bay Sands? Yeah.
Spicy, like, what is the most famous dish? Have to be some dishes? Yeah, it could be a food-related thing. Or maybe, yeah, we could do like, let's do maybe barbecue. Like satay, Singapore satay.
you
Korean BBQ Satay
Satay.
I want a smile from the thundering when rain is coming to the earth, that kind of smile.
Sadness?
feeling like i just woke up and had a awesome sleep
Like, sautéed barbecue, and then it...
The smell of forest right after it rained.
bbq
When I was in Singapore I was on a really breezy bright rooftop overlooking the skyline and I was having a very sweet and fruity cocktail.
I came to Chinatown Singapore. I was looking for some food. I found some seafood and I had some really good steamed fish. Toward the end of the day, I actually got food poisoning.
I remember like a seaside so there are like a blue wave and kind of and also people are relaxing there so it's really chill and a colorful and I really like staying the time there it's makes me feel refreshing all right
Vesa was at the garden in Marina Bay and out of nowhere it started to rain super heavily and we were trapped under that roof for at least half an hour and we were at the beginning a bit annoyed because we wanted to explore everything, we were on holiday for a conference and yeah, but then I realized that I don't have to do any work, I took deep breaths and I could smell all the noise, the rain and it was nice, it was like a warm clove around me and I really enjoyed that day and after that it got sunny again, we had an amazing time but that was the closing point and I realized it was nice. Thank you. Let's do it.
One of the best moments in Singapore was actually working through the Marina Bay and exploring the nature and the new technology applied to the nature as well. And one of my most beautiful experiences in Singapore is actually smelling the flowers. Wherever there are parks, there is this beautiful sense of flowers that I didn't experience before in other places.
I went to an interesting museum about hell
is walking around and smelling the Bokobila flowers, I would say about 11 p.m. at night around Orchard Road.
So, feel free to describe any specific moment or an experience that you've had. So, my friend was asking whether I should be going to the night zoo here in Singapore, and I feel like it might be a weird experience, given that I usually don't like to go to zoos. I did that when I was younger, but the night zoo probably is more about, you know, other kind of impressions and sensitory stuff, you know, because you see less, but you hear more, and you also feel the plants touching you and all of that. And someone else actually said that it's kind of scary when you're a kid, because it's dark and there are all those noises. Does this ever kick in? Yes. Actually, whenever you're ready.
Oh, okay, okay. City, New York City. Okay. Like a memory in Singapore or...
You should tell us about your memory or your thing. You can describe it using words. The smell that you would like to recreate. The smell I would like to recreate. Can you recreate the Joe Malone orange blossom smell for me?
I really love the airport of Singapore. It makes me feel similar to Hong Kong and also similar to Beijing.
One thing I really enjoyed in Singapore is the hawker markets. I really enjoy seeing all of the different foods from different countries and different cultures and enjoying the food myself but also just watching everybody else enjoy the food and enjoy just the atmosphere.
Roll
the So hopefully we'll be able to engage in conversation Yeah, so this is Sent okay, we've been doing it's we've been asking Flowery and using our system it will translate your sentence I Need to confess I have It's like
Lavender smell.
Okay, so this is a story of one of the best meals of my life at Spring Court, which is one of the oldest Chinese family-owned restaurants in Singapore. We had papaya, we had something delicious in a bun, and it was also a really great combination of flavors and scents and textures.
렛츠 야키니쿠
I have a memory of going to McDonald's and have a French fries and a Big Mac.
I have a memory of going to McDonald's and have a French fries and a Big Mac.
I went to the night safari the day before yesterday and met a lot of wild animals in the night. I can see their movements and smell some of their smell.
Well, I was at this, like, uh, hell museum place, and then there was, like, they made some, like, figures of these, like, Chinese deities, and, like, you know, like, hell, like the 30 days of hell, the first day, you're supposed to do, you're supposed to go through this part, and then, like, they're gonna torture you, and, like, give you pain, all kinds of stuff like that.
I have a nice lunch. But every time you give it feedback, it improves.
So the experience of walking through a late afternoon tropical environment with beautifully smelling plants.
So we went to the 9th Sapphira Zoo and we see tigers and lions.
the scent of an ocean
the scent of an ocean
Sons of the flower
My favorite moment in Singapore would be the early mornings, where it's not so hot yet and you can smell the humidity in the air, but I'm not necessarily sweating because of that. Does that work?
I smell something citrusy like a tangerine
For the purpose of this demo, I would like to remember being in a hawker center with a strong scent of chicken rice being cooked with lemongrass and notes of ginger and garlic.
One of my favorite moments in Singapore was at the Botanical Gardens. There were lots of cool trees and plants and they had an orchid exhibition at the time. It was beautiful.
The best moment is when I enter a room with AC and probably with Mr. Coconuts on my hand.
My favorite moment in Singapore was walking on the bridge, which is the furthest point in Southeast Asia. Wow.
Walking by the beach, I smelled a fish. I looked down. I saw a fishing net. I picked it up. It was tangled with another net. Actually, I fished it this morning, but you can take a look at the paper. I will. I definitely will. Thank you.
그래서 한국어, 일본어, 중국어 할 수 있나요? D.I.S 와서 친구들 만난 거? D.I.S와서 친구들 만난 거? D.I.S와서 친구들 만난 거?
I'm walking through a forest and I see many many fragrant fragrant trees and shrubs many of those could be cultivated for and to produce spices I love that
Rush hour on a crowded street in New York City. There are shops open with food out. There are cars honking and smell and like exhaust pipe emissions. There are a lot of people with all different clones and everything and it's very overwhelming in the second step.
And whenever you're ready, you should start describing. Oh, what do I describe? Talk about something that you want to smell or an experience that you have in mind. I'd love to smell a cup of coffee, freshly ground coffee. You can describe a place as well, a setting. A busy cafe in Paris where you can see the Eiffel Tower and you're having a chocolate croissant with your coffee. It smells like bread and pastries as well.
library, and they use 3D painting for people that need accessibility, and I saw the studio use weird toddler wheelchair with open soles, and they use 3D painting to paint the piece of the wheelchair step by step, and just piece them together, and seeing the toddler just driving the wheelchair makes me very happy.
Oh, should I say something? Okay. Is it about the feeling? I feel nostalgic when I visit Singapore because I used to be in exchange program a very long time ago. And I thought I forgot everything, but I just pick up something while I'm walking around. Can you describe a memory that came back to you recently? Anything? Memory is not feeling. It's about anecdotes or something. Try a scent of nostalgia.
So when I was first in Edinburgh and there's a lot of teenagers smoking Mariana in the city park and from my country everybody says like illegal things so I never smelled Mariana before but when I get there like wait a second that's exactly what my grandma smoked so my grandma would smell like a water bomb so you put some of these herbs but not Mariana inside the bomb and you use the water to boil it and we're like so yeah it reminds me of my grandma the first time I studied abroad
What was your name? Family. Should I just shoot the keywords? Yeah. Oh, oh. Family. Yeah, I didn't know that. I just learned it yesterday. That's so effective. Yeah. Happiness. My second year. Yeah. Sounds like my luck. Oh, shit. So much.
Hi, I'm talking with different people in the conference and meeting new friends.
Saya rasa mungkin saya berfikir tentang perayaan nasional Ya, apabila kami berkumpul untuk merayakan hari jadi Singapura Ya Okey Saya suka itu
Any smell that you want or an experience that you've had somewhere here? It's probably in English or in German. Whatever you'd like. Oh, wow. Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. You have to come closer.
Mexican taco? Mexican taco, yeah. Okay.
That's why I need to describe it. So I met a person yesterday and this person was a friend of the pastor that I met in another city. I asked her a lot of questions and she was explaining and answering my questions. I feel like there is a really special relationship between me and her and that's all. Thank you.
他會問我問題是嗎? 喔不用 你就直接開始講就可以了 就是moment 講中文也可以 好 有些什麼example嗎? 我突然不知道要講什麼 比如說去哪裡吃了什麼東西啊 有什麼味道啊 你可以去形容一下 嗯 我想一下 喔今天早上我們去了雅昆吃早餐 然後跟我們在荷蘭吃的東西比起來 它就是更甜 然後有一種很久沒有吃到這種味道的感覺 跟荷蘭吃的東西比起來 感覺雖然沒有那麼健康 但是更幸福 完美
Walking around, I guess it's called, an area called Tanjung Pagar, there's this beautiful shop houses on the right and left side, I'm going to coffee shops, and yeah, I'm just intrigued by the beauty heritage of the details of the architecture, and the shop walks, I think that's, that was really nice.
I'm looking for an experience that feels like waking up on a sunny morning and witnessing the song of birds.
I would like to hear a scent that is like waking up in the morning to the sound of birds and sunshine blooming through my window.
Describe what I see. What you're seeing, what you're feeling, where you're going. Okay. I see trees. I hear birds. I'm stepping on sand. I see sun rays. It's in the morning. There are a few fellow hikers. I feel sweaty.
It's supposed to be in a story form format, it can be as simple as I had bread or it can be as fun as I went to the gardens. I think walking through the streets and experiencing all the different types of cultures as well as the colorful architectures and the different people that were there, just experiencing the environment and the vibes of the people was really interesting.
I would like to represent something happy with a floating fish, peace in the cloud. Yeah, and in Singapore.
Ice in the Cloud. Wow, really? In Singapore? Who has that? That was from a previous participant. I think they had peace in the cloud. Happy. So it can be more abstract too. It doesn't have to be very realistic or specific.
The vibrant yellow item held right up to the woman's face is the focal point of the sensory experience. Its appearance suggests a sweet, tropical, and tangy aroma—reminiscent of freshly cut mango, citrus, or a sweet baked confection. She is holding the item directly beneath her nose and mouth. Her crinkled nose and wide, ecstatic smile suggest that the scent of the food is part of the joy of the moment—evoking the mouth-watering, appetizing smell of a sweet treat shared between friends. The indoor setting and the couple's relaxed attire suggest a casual, shared meal or snack break. The air would likely carry the faint, comforting scent of a clean, air-conditioned indoor space mixed with the sudden, sharp burst of sweetness from the yellow fruit.
The vibrant yellow item held right up to the woman's face is the focal point of the sensory experience. Its appearance suggests a sweet, tropical, and tangy aroma—reminiscent of freshly cut mango, citrus, or a sweet baked confection. She is holding the item directly beneath her nose and mouth. Her crinkled nose and wide, ecstatic smile suggest that the scent of the food is part of the joy of the moment—evoking the mouth-watering, appetizing smell of a sweet treat shared between friends. The indoor setting and the couple's relaxed attire suggest a casual, shared meal or snack break. The air would likely carry the faint, comforting scent of a clean, air-conditioned indoor space mixed with the sudden, sharp burst of sweetness from the yellow fruit.
The Scent of Fresh Fruit: The vibrant yellow item held right up to the woman's face is the focal point of the sensory experience. Its appearance suggests a sweet, tropical, and tangy aroma—reminiscent of freshly cut mango, citrus, or a sweet baked confection.  Proximity and Olfactory Reaction: She is holding the item directly beneath her nose and mouth. Her crinkled nose and wide, ecstatic smile suggest that the scent of the food is part of the joy of the moment—evoking the mouth-watering, appetizing smell of a sweet treat shared between friends.  The Atmosphere: The indoor setting and the couple's relaxed attire suggest a casual, shared meal or snack break. The air would likely carry the faint, comforting scent of a clean, air-conditioned indoor space mixed with the sudden, sharp burst of sweetness from the yellow fruit.
The Scent of Fresh Fruit: The vibrant yellow item held right up to the woman's face is the focal point of the sensory experience. Its appearance suggests a sweet, tropical, and tangy aroma—reminiscent of freshly cut mango, citrus, or a sweet baked confection.  Proximity and Olfactory Reaction: She is holding the item directly beneath her nose and mouth. Her crinkled nose and wide, ecstatic smile suggest that the scent of the food is part of the joy of the moment—evoking the mouth-watering, appetizing smell of a sweet treat shared between friends.  The Atmosphere: The indoor setting and the couple's relaxed attire suggest a casual, shared meal or snack break. The air would likely carry the faint, comforting scent of a clean, air-conditioned indoor space mixed with the sudden, sharp burst of sweetness from the yellow fruit.
In a sun-drenched moment, laughter mingles with the sweet, tangy aroma of citrus, as the air is infused with a zest that dances playfully around warm smiles. The warmth of companionship wraps around like a soft, worn blanket, complemented by the smooth texture of a golden treat resting in eager hands. Joy fills the space, a vibrant spark that lifts the spirit, inviting you to savor every delicious bite of life’s little pleasures.
Amidst the warm, inviting space, the air is imbued with sweet notes of citrus, a bright burst of sun-kissed lemons teasing the senses. Laughter dances like a gentle breeze, wrapping around softened textures and soothing crispness, creating a mood of carefree joy. The subtle warmth of camaraderie envelops the scene, a fragrant embrace of shared delights and the refreshing zing of spontaneity.
Laughter hangs in the air like the sweet aroma of freshly baked pastries, warm and inviting, wrapping around you like a familiar embrace. The rich scent of citrus zest dances playfully, mingling with the soft chatter of friends, creating an atmosphere pulsing with joy and camaraderie. Textures of softness and warmth radiate from cozy surroundings, where every smile feels like a sunbeam, brightening even the most mundane corners of the day.
Should I have it first or should I talk about it first? Maybe we can do one where you have it without the smell and then another one with the smell.
I want something sour
Okay, so my favorite meal I've had whilst I was here was this really nice tender chicken. It was very soft, it was ever so slightly spicy, however simultaneously it was particularly nice with garlic. So overall it had this tender and nice softness of the food.
Oh, tough question. I like chocolate mousse. Chocolate mousse? Yeah. Where, maybe you can describe your setting. Oh yeah, I like to eat it in a nice restaurant on the seaside, perhaps also with some mango on the side or something. Okay, I love that.
